Guys welcome back.
So last time we had this text and here but this doesn't do anything yet so we're going to take you so
that when you click on it it will show or hide the relevant form.
And the way to do that is just with a little where javascript.
So go back to your text editor and create a new file and say this is so we say this in the ascites folder
so ascites big brand new falvey inside of the assets folder so called this J S for jobs.
So now in the Asus fandom have a jazz folder and save the file inside the gess folder as Register.
Yes that save it and they go.
There's our javascript file.
I'm actually going to be using j.crew for this in the moment we don't have Jayco every hour project
so we have to add a reference to that.
So go back to register BHP scroll to the top.
And inside this head tag right here is where the reference to the j.crew library is going to go.
Of those that don't know Jay queries just the javascript library which for the most part just provides
some useful abstraction which allow you to do things in a lot less lines and it will take doing that
with purely javascript.
So go to any tab and just type in Jay Query Oh STD.
And then click on the first one from Google and then you'll see this spyware here.
This script copy and paste that and then go back to your registered AP hpb Agent paste that in there
in Google hosted discharged and Google have hosted this j.crew library for us to use so just by including
that we can now use jaquie.
So now we've got Jay Query referenced and we can use it.
Go back to our Reggie did our James file and it's your first time using J.
Crew or Javascript.
Then you might find some of the syntax confusing.
No idea.
When I started out with an invalid it took me a while to come to grips with it and to really feel comfortable
with it.
I suggest just carry on with it just get through it and you will like everything else I seem to say
in this cause you'll become a lot more familiar.
The more you use it.
So even if you don't fully understand it yet that's fine.
Just go with it and you'll be absolutely fine in due course.
And as always if you have a question just ask me and I'll get back to you real soon.
So explain this where I type it out.
But for now just file on a dollar sign document dart ready and inside the parentheses.
We're going to put function.
Spread the suits there and then the curly brace like that put a semicolon the end of that too.
And what this does is this.
We execute this code as soon as the document is ready and it basically means when the page is ready
in all is dependencies loaded.
So were going to do is write dollar sign with the parentheses s other premises in double quotes.
Put dot Hi log in.
Which is this one right here.
Spam tag.
So I blog in Dopp click like that and in parentheses inside the browser is put function like that with
curly braces that way and put a semicolon in the of that too inside of there just per dollar sign in
parentheses and then pound sign for I.D. log in form.
Hide like that and then copy and paste that below it is Che's log in form to register the form for this
show.
So form.
Show the register form.
Best I guess Wayne is in a minute demaree Copy and paste below and just all we do is do the exact opposite.
So is there a hive in we hide.
Register like that.
This is going to be this stay as long form but change this to show and change this one to hide.
Okay and that's it.
We're done with this.
So let me just explain what this is.
This.
Dollar sign with double coincide inside and then their class all idea should be.
This is a..
Jay Query object and we're creating a jaquie object here with this site.
And was saying when this element is clicked do this and were hiding this element is showing this outman
alternately when this Salamon is great.
Show this one and hide this one and I just realized this should actually be an I.D. So it should be
propounds sign or hash tag.
Some of you should be like that because if you go back to registered up HP you see that we even use
I.D. for this game.
So save that and you see when I refreshes page now providing I did everything right.
One of these show and high when I click on it so I go on that and it's not working and I realize why
we haven't actually linked this javascript far yet.
So go back to regicide up.
I need to actually add a reference to this javascript file about someone great in space underneath just
to separate this year says files with the javascript files and underneath the J query library there.
Maybe you do underneath you don't do above do underneath typescript and then press tab to add this for
you.
I would actually need this part so you can even get rid of that if you want as a regime or 5 you no
longer need to have type text javascript.
Yes you get rid of that just regular it's simpler and inside this first script out in DOS SA sirc he
calls and inside there just put ascites slash J S slash register.
Yes like that.
Save that and that should be good.
Now fresh this.
Now click on one of these and you see patterns here.
And if I took on this it is you error out there.
So I would outworks if it still isn't working for you.
You might just want to go back to your redshirted Yes file and put love print statements in there that
just let you know which things are actually been executed.
So for example you might be one in here.
Consol dog I know say a document is ready right and if when you refresh your page you see this in the
console.
You know that this was executed successfully.
So if I refresh the page now.
And go to my console.
So expect element go to console and I see this which is good.
If you don't see that it means that this code isn't even executing So one of two things is going on.
You have this wrong.
Maybe you've spelled something wrong or something or you might be linked to this file successfully.
So this link here each added might not be correct.
So once you see this you know that this is fine.
You can then move that to inside of here by that and then just change it to something like logging was
pressed and they can't even copy and paste one into the one below that and it changes to register was
pressed.
Then go back to here and then when you press one of these.
You should see a women with breast or register with breast.
If you don't see those you know that the click handler isn't working it's most likely that this selective
wrong so just make sure you're not.
You haven't used a dot here.
Instead of a symbol make sure this is spelled correctly with the right case you out the lowercase L
then it should be in uppercase.
So yeah.
That's just a little way to debug if it's not working any problems just let me know in an hour.
You aren't going.
So that's it.
We have it working.
The only thing we're not doing the moment is show.
Hiding one by default.
So when the paid loads are both shown.
But that's not a problem we'll figure out the next video.